# Software-Development-Lifecycle

How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?

On the small scale, user needs are first interpreted via interaction with the client of what they want the program for themselves or how they plan to go on to use it. Understanding the purpose of the program gives valuable insight into the types of needs a user may have with a given program. User stories then come into play as tools created off of the program's purpose and the functions the program will have that can be translated into goals/tasks to be focused on and added to the program throughtout development. On a larger scale, user needs can be gathered in the same manner, but with a ongoing development that is constantly updated gatherting data from surveys or similar means is vital to understanding what the end user actually needs.

How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?

I approach developing programs by reading the requirements set forth, developing an understanding of what the program is supposed to do and then correlating the requirements and how it is supposed to accomplish its purpose if the how is already known. If the how is not known, then I create ideations of how I might achieve the functionality of the proposed program and decide which method of completion I will attempt. From there I already actively pursue trial and error, but with experience I shall gain the ability to select a more efficient or appropiate method of approaching functionality. An agile process that I innately did due to the simplicity of the lower level work I have completed is work by trial and error to figure out what works. In addition, I would add a functionality or two and constantly test it all along the way to ensure it worked with no suprises in the end. A scrum board style tracker would be a useful tool to implement in my work throughout school once the size of the programs I create reacha  level that would warrant being able to track the functions I need or have completed and tested.

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?

A good team member is one that is not afraid to share. One that is working hard to do their part in the grand scheme of things and then communicate often to ensure proper collaboration and integration with the rest of the team. A good team member also cares about their peers and also trusts them to produce a stronger and more intertwined team. A good team member is one that is not afraid to ask for help and bring issues up as early as possible to lessen the effect it may have so that overall development is not slowed.A good team member just needs to be a good team player.
